#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --config=pyproject.toml --output-file=requirements/test.txt requirements/base.txt requirements/test.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-client
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   nbdev
    #   stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via nbdev
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   unstructured
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   black
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.6.9
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   unstructured-client
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
debugpy==1.8.11
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deepdiff==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pikepdf
effdet==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
emoji==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openpyxl
eval-type-backport==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-client
execnb==0.1.11
    # via nbdev
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.113.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
fastcore==1.7.26
    # via
    #   execnb
    #   ghapi
    #   nbdev
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
flake8==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
ghapi==1.0.6
    # via nbdev
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-cloud-vision==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.68.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.68.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   unstructured-client
huggingface-hub==0.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
iopath==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.30.0
    # via
    #   execnb
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nltk
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
layoutparser==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pycocotools
    #   unstructured-inference
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sympy
mypy==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
nbclient==0.10.1
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbdev==2.3.34
    # via -r requirements/test.in
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   torch
    #   unstructured
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
notebook==7.3.1
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.in
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   contourpy
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
olefile==0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-oxmsg
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
onnx==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured-inference
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
orderly-set==5.2.2
    # via deepdiff
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   fastcore
    #   ghapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdev
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytest
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfplumber
    #   unstructured
pdfplumber==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pi-heif==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
pikepdf==9.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pi-heif
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-pptx
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   iopath
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==5.29.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   unstructured
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodome==3.21.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
pypandoc==1.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
pypdfium2==4.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pdfplumber
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
python-iso639==2024.10.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
python-json-logger==3.2.0
    # via jupyter-events
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
python-oxmsg==0.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   layoutparser
    #   nbdev
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
rapidfuzz==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
ratelimit==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-client
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   google-auth
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   layoutparser
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   astunparse
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.38.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
timm==1.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
    #   unstructured-inference
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-inference
torchvision==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   effdet
    #   timm
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.47.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured-inference
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   ipython
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   python-pptx
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pandas
unstructured[all-docs]==0.16.11
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
unstructured-client==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
unstructured-inference==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.32.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via nbdev
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   unstructured
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   unstructured
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-pptx

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
